# Notes

## 1.  Next steps

**AIJournal** 

- Didn't see any author contributions in the submission process.
- Check bart comments and incorporate comments from today's meeting and review notes below

**OMUS**

- Continue OMUS and apply it on other CNF problems
- Extensions : 
	1. Extension 1: add all clauses validated by current Fprime
	2. Extension 2: for all clauses validated by current Fprime, assign random value to literals not yet assigned and check which clauses are validated by that.
	3. Extension 3: Greedy apporach : for every variable assign how many times it appears positively and negatively in a clause; assign it the value that is used most (e.g. will make most disjunctions true)
	4. Extension 4: MaxSat call


## 2. OMUS

- Initial proof it works for SMUS example
- For more complex CNF formulas it loops for a very long time => hitting set is always not finding a solution
- Optimization:
  - instead of using the MSS and taking the complement of that one, we just take the complement of F'
  - Can we select the lowest cost clauses (top-x clauses) to generate OMUS ?
    - Problem: we don't have any guarantee about the clauses that will be used...
- Questions:
  - Can it happen that there is no optimal hitting set ? (No.)

## 3. IJCAI-PRICAI Review

### Demo

Ideas : 
- slide bar to navigate together with/instead of prev-next :
- Be able to specify new puzzles ?
- The presentation of the demo should be about presenting the whole pipeline, but emphasize the explanation generation aspect with further explanations using nested explanations.

### AIJournal

- Verify XAI motivates zebra puzzles enough :
	- The introduction should motivate more zebra puzzles.
	- Why Zebra puzzles? What is a Zebra puzzle?
	- Is your approach limited to zebra puzzles?
- Demo:
	- Make sure to emphasize that explanations can be natural language explanations, but since the puzzle is usually solved by solving the grid, we chose to use visual explanations in the logic grid to explain inference steps/decisions.
- Make sure figures are easy enough to read : 
	- Figures are very difficult to read because some texts they contain are too small.